[Narrator] Last
Dragon Ball Z Kai...
Finally provoked to anger,
Gohan called forth
his vast reserves
of hidden power,
and quickly put an end
to the diabolical
Cell Juniors...
Now, the young Super Saiyan
focuses his rage
on Cell himself.
Their battle continues today!
♪♪ Opening Song ♪♪
[Narrator]
Perfection's End!
A Fury Beyond Super Saiyan!
That's it... Take him.
You did well. After
watching you fight,
Gohan's anticipating
Cell's every move.
No, I can't take any
credit. It's all Gohan.
He's fighting at a level
way above Cell's now.
You think so?
He's... kinda... awesome.
Yeah...
Wow... At this rate...
He might just win.
[Vegeta] Unacceptable!
As if it's not already
humiliating enough to be
overshadowed by Kakarot!
[Trunks] Father...
Take one.
Ugh! And now I have to
take this stupid thing!
Perfect...
Don't get comfortable, boy...
Even with luck on your side,
the odds of beating me
are hardly your favor.
You're wrong.
Huh?
Yes... That's the spirit.
Too bad you're
going to lose it
once you've witnessed me
in all my petrifying glory...
[Cell yells]
[Cell growls]
[Hercule struggles, shouts]
[Announcer and Piiza yell]
What is this?!
Brace yourself, Gohan! Quickly!
[Tien and Yamcha struggle]
[Tien] This is impossible!
This monster ever
gonna hit his ceiling?!
He's... He's gonna
shake the Earth apart!
[Cell yells]
Right... The moment of truth...
We're finally gonna see Cell
fight at his full power...
[Goku and Krillin struggle]
Ah... So, then...
Still feeling like this
is your lucky day?
Can't say that I'm impressed.
[Cell gasps, sneers]
[Cell growls]
Whoa! What the...?!
His power's not the
only thing that's gone
through the roof!
He's faster!
[Cell grins]
Huh?
[Cell grunts]
[Cell gags in pain]
[Trunks gasps]
[Cell seethes, yells]
[Cell cries out in pain]
[Cell groans]
[Cell shudders]
[Cell growls, stumbles]
[Cell heaves, snarls]
What... in the...?!
[Cell grunts]
Two punches?!
There's no way
I should have taken
this much damage!
[Cell groans]
I'm supposed to
be invincible!
[Cell groans]
Man, Gohan just keeps getting
more amazing by the second!
He's been masking the difference
in strength between them.
[Vegeta shudders]
[Cell] You miserable...
[Cell snorts]
[Cell snarls, pants]
[Cell seethes]
[Cell growls]
[Cell shouts repeatedly]
I will not be mocked!
[Gohan yells]
[Cell grunts]
[Cell struggles, wheezes]
[Cell shudders, wheezes]
[Cell shouts defiantly]
[Cell] No! I will
not let this stand!
I am perfection!
I refuse to be outdone
by some sniveling
Saiyan brat!
I am the ultimate life form!
I will not suffer
this humiliation!
[Cell seethes]
[Cell yells]
[Cell] Destructo Disk!!
[Cell yells, grunts repeatedly]
[Gohan yells]
[Cell yells]
Curse you!
[Cell shouts]
This can't be happening...
[Cell] I cannot
let this happen!
Wow. He's, uh...
He's out-classing Cell
by a pretty wide
margin, isn't he?
Y-Yeah... I'd believe
it if... Well...
[Tien and Yamcha gasp]
Gohan...
[Cell shudders]
[Cell trembles]
[Cell]
I don't understand...
That a mere child's
power could utterly
eclipse my own?!
This is inconceivable!
And this feeling... is
this...
Is this what it is
to know fear...?
[Cell shouts]
[Cell] Ka... me... ha...
No, I can't
believe that he...!
...me...
You're powerful... But let's
see how you handle this!
A full-power Kamehame-Ha!
Dodge it, and the
Earth blows to bits!
Somebody please tell me
this guy is bluffing!
[Cell] ...Ha!!
[all gasp]
No, this is the end.
[Gohan] Ka...
me... ha... me...
...Ha!!
[Cell snarls]
[all struggle]
[Hercule and Piiza shriek]
[Cell struggles]
[Cell yells]
[Cell] I can't stop it...!
[Cell strains]
[Cell screams]
[Vegeta gasps]
[Vegeta] Hm?
[Vegeta]
We shouldn't be here...
C
l l put every ounce of
power
he had into that blast...
[all cough, gasp]
[Piccolo and Trunks grunt]
[Goku grunts]
[Piccolo exhales]
I still sense Cell's energy!
You mean it's not over yet?!
[Krillin] No. There's no way.
[Cell seethes]
[Gohan smirks]
[Goku] Gohan's done it.
He's broken through the
Super Saiyan barrier.
Just like he did in the
Hyperbolic Time Chamber.
[Goku and Gohan struggle]
[Gohan and Goku shout]
[Gohan pants]
[Goku] Yeah, that's
the way, Gohan!
You've got to control
your strength,
not the other way around!
[Gohan and Goku struggle]
[Gohan yells, grunts in pain]
[Goku gasps]
[Goku] Oh, man! I didn't
mean to hit him so hard!
[Gohan struggles]
[Goku laughs awkwardly]
Alright, Gohan,
I tell you what...
I think we can call it
a day, don't you? Heh...
Anything over twenty hours
straight is overdoing it.
[Goku grunts]
[Gohan] Dad, wait.
[Goku] Hmm?
[Goku gasps]
[Gohan struggles]
[Gohan] I'm... only
just getting started.
[Goku shudders]
[Gohan chuckles]
[Goku] Whoa! His power
just shot higher than mine!
[Goku gasps]
[Gohan yells]
[Gohan groans]
[Goku] You've become
stronger than me,
and now you've beaten Cell...
You make me proud, son.
How... did you do this?
How can anyone on this measly
planet possess so much power?!
[Goku grunts]
[Goku] Gohan!
Remember why we're here!
It's time to finish this!
What? You're joking, right?
[Gohan chuckles]
I'm not letting him
off that easy...
I want him to wallow in his
own fear a little longer.
Uh... what was that?
Is that really Gohan talking?
Uh-oh.
[Cell wails]
Gohan! You've backed
Cell into a corner!
He can't win!
And he knows it!
There's no telling what he'll
do now that he's desperate!
End this while you
have the chance!
[Cell screams, grunts]
[Cell struggles]
[Cell grunts]
[all gasp]
[Cell wheezes]
No... I can't be...
No! I'm Cell!!
[Cell roars]
[Cell growls]
[all gasp]
No! I am perfection!
My ultimate form will not
be tested by the likes of you!
[Cell] Yahh!
[Cell snarls]
[Cell grunts repeatedly]
Wow. He's so focused on power,
he's not paying
attention to his speed.
Cell's getting careless
the same way I did.
He's gone totally berserk!
[Gohan smirks, grunts]
[Cell groans]
[Gohan grunts]
[Piccolo gasps]
[Cell shudders]
What the...?!
Surely he can't be
changing again?!
We'll see...
[Cell heaves, spits]
So that's what this is.
He's lost it-- his power's
dropping like a stone.
Just as I suspected...
Cell's unable
to sustain his perfect
form any longer.
So... What's going
to happen now?
[Trunks gasps]
[Cell heaves and spits]
[Cell gags]
He... He just...!
[Tien and Yamcha shudder]
Ah! You gotta be kidding me!
He just coughed up
Android Eighteen!
He swallowed her whole!
How is she still intact?!
He's done for now.
[Cell gags]
[Cell growls]
[Cell groans]
[Cell yells]
[Cell grunts, wheezes]
Eighteen, no!
[Piccolo] Wait!
[Krillin shudders]
[Cell wheezes]
[Cell yells]
Uh-oh...! What's he doing?!
[Cell struggles, shudders]
[all gasp]
[Cell wheezes]
He's lost his
perfect form...!
He's gone back to how he was!
Yup, Gohan's won... Cell is
no longer a match for him.
[Vegeta gasps]
[Cell seethes]
[Cell groans]
No!
[Cell shudders]
[Cell yells]
[Cell grunts]
[Cell grunts in pain]
[Cell struggles]
[Cell shudders]
Huh. Know what?
Now I actually
feel sorry for you.
[Cell shudders]
[Cell roars]
[Trunks and Goku gasp]
[Cell grumbles and growls]
[Yamcha] What is that?!
What's he gonna do?!
Gohan! Look out!
[Cell laughs]
Boy... Say hello to your maker!
♪♪ Closing Song ♪♪
Hey! It's me, Goku!
Take cover, guys!
Cell's desperate enough
to do something
really stupid!
[Cell] If I'm unable
to reap the glory
of victory, so be it!
I'll take you and this
planet down with me!
[Gohan] What was I thinking?!
I should've ended this
while I had the chance!
[Goku] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
"A Hero's Sacrifice! Last
Chance to Save the World!"
Take a breather, son.
Your dad'll handle
things from here.